Transparentinvoicing must be non-transparent for charge type fee (#1477)
Energinet-DataHub/geh-charges: docs/business-processes/asynchronous-validations.md

|VR.915|Transparent invoicing is mandatory|E0H|All|N/A|
|VR.916|Tax indicator is mandatory|E0H|All|N/A|
|VR.917|Termination date and effective date must have the same value|E0H|All|N/A|

> |VR.920|Transparent invoicing must be set to non-transparent when creating a fee|D67|All|N/A|

Reviewer: It looks like there is a VR.904 that - perhaps - already covers this setup?

> |VR.920|Transparent invoicing must be set to non-transparent when creating a fee|D67|All|N/A|
> |VR.917|Transparent invoicing must be set to non-transparent when updating a fee|D14|All|N/A|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|VR.920|Transparent invoicing must be set to false when creating a fee|D67|All|N/A|
|VR.917|Transparent invoicing must be set to false when updating a fee|D67|All|N/A|
```
